Disapline!!!

Stopwatch == training sleep eat 

* learn to disapline. be a moral of selfcontrol

key steps maybe

thinking space 
training FURY
pirates of life, love & losses(You win some you lose some)
SAS (or the origional SPETZNAZ russia's brain child. only for good honest
reporting you wouldnt know a single thing about them SERIOUSLY! SAS, BLACK OPS, 
SPETZNAZ and so on. watch out for UN , they are 
terteriority keepers of dominance and power, not "PEACE KEEPERS") but honest 
reporting is alot different from movies. and so is real life, democracy feeds you into a
false sence of security. you are protected and your voice is important as anyone elses. thats 
what you think. wait till you finish my book before jumping to conclusions this is just a very 
ruff draft, but has my lifes work and experience with dealing with a negative
goverment (EU or WHO world health organiziation) since about october or november 26, 27th or 28th not sure of exact date
that is why I fight for true democracy, fix the peoples problems as a whole because we strive for real equality after all.
now natos a devil dog and we'll get to the bottom of it some day , im just giving you my perspective experience and objective 
opinion to my best guess currently. cant wait till its alot more clearer. CAN NOT WAIT because im dying to know :) :P :D

self disapline - dont be a SLY SNEAK SNITCH (thats disshonor)
Be a Snake (Calm & collected, strong & fierce and most of ALL honorable! NB very important 
charastic which is lost amoungst our leaders today )
prisons are a breeding ground for violence, and order incourages them in theyre weakness to be dishonourable, by giving money 
to drug dealers that then monopilise the streets because theyre untouchable, with the law on there side. and generations of this 
in ireland has seen the fall of honest hard work. because farmers have too much and the have nots steal, and the goverment here has ruined our culture
many times over since 1996. to be continued later.

anyway back to the notes i wrote

depending on upbringing or not find your true disapline to work hard at your desire a system which leads it easy medium and hard depending how you feel, 
just keep in mind you work easy you relax easy but retirement is a long way off and maybe boring. otherwise it is truely fullfilling if you have faith :)
people get angry because theyre in a place they dont want to be. so find your place in the world that works for you as long as its honest you will
find triumph. if its negative you will fail. laws of nature . learn physics if you dont believe me. try me I DARE YOU! too. All for one 
and one for all . PEACE OVER WAR. forgivness is important. 
health care is everyones effort, whats your speciality get to what it is to help yourself and others
