GSpot of Triumph

even when your at your topyou can fall in such a small space of time. so maintain powereven in times of peacestill protect as if war
because theres always a threat of it slipping awayeither by ways of military or greed, or disease of poverty.

but poverty creates crime if people are hungry they WILL EAT! some have more self restraintthan others but noones perfectmaybe sometimes we 
have to be the strength for those who dont know how ! help not punish!

'HELP NOT PUNISH'
Self disapline is not punishment
self disapline is wresling your brain
to do what you want it or yourself to do
Brains or bronze or both, 

both prefered with your strengths not wrestling it to do something which genitically is not possible

Council of the world on equal termsof respect and not of trade deals even though people will take advantage of that. but honest system 
build honest results. so always do your homework. (not schools but your life learnings of what you want to do in life) if school works for you then maybe its for you

Dominence is not triumph is selfishness
think about it. territory is

rasisn is unfamiliar territory and learned bad habits. try to step outside of your comfort zone as much as your comfortable with really 
understand its not maybe the skin that put you off but maybe the reflection of white skin that imposed power for 1000's of years.
they might feel intimidated so try to understand. start with a smile and handshake and start to chit chat. it will feel akward at first 
but after the ice breaks you might be very good friends. now you will have all different walks of life in any culture not one person in 
a society of group will represent the whole group, im not talking about colour but mutual respect, some people dont have it cause all 
life has shown them was disrespect and nothing good from humanity. but we have to show those people theres life here for you too. 
to build theyre dreams not a dictatorship of progress placed upon by goverment schools and big business. we should all be small businesses and
groups helping each other as a community , a nation and especially as a planet. if you take the planet too seriously you get Serious results. 

If were all here for life we get good results. think about that!
